# NT Stylesheet Documentation

This directory contains documentation for the **NT Stylesheet** package, which provides the core CSS framework and design tokens for the NT Sketchbook ecosystem.

## Overview

NT Stylesheet delivers:

## Installation

To use NT Stylesheet in your project:

1. Install the package via npm:

    ```bash
    npm install @nashtech/nt-stylesheet
    ```

2. Import the CSS file in your main JavaScript or TypeScript file:

    ```javascript
    import '@nashtech/nt-stylesheet/dist/nt-stylesheet.css'
    import '@nashtech/nt-stylesheet/dist/nt-stylesheet.js'
    ```

3. Optionally, import the CSS file in your HTML file:

```html
<link
    rel="stylesheet"
    href="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@nashtech/nt-stylesheet/dist/nt-stylesheet.css"
/>

4. Use the provided CSS classes and design tokens in your components.
## Components The NT Stylesheet package includes a variety of
components, each designed to be reusable and customizable. Below is a
list of some of the key components: - **Avatars**: A component for
displaying user profile pictures or icons. - **Badges**: A component
for displaying small labels or indicators. - **Accordions**: A
component for displaying collapsible content sections. - **Tabs**: A
component for displaying content in tabbed navigation. -
**Carousels**: A component for displaying a series of images or
content in a sliding format. - **Breadcrumbs**: A component for
displaying the current page's location within a hierarchy. -
**Pagination**: A component for navigating through a series of pages.
- **Datepickers**: A component for selecting dates and times. -
**Sliders**: A component for selecting a value from a range. -
**Toolbars**: A component for displaying a set of actions or controls.
- **Progress Indicators**: A component for displaying the progress of
a task. - **Notifications**: A component for displaying alerts and
messages. - **Toasts**: A component for displaying brief
notifications. - **Chips**: A component for displaying small pieces of
information. - **Tags**: A component for displaying labels or
keywords. - **Lists**: A component for displaying a series of items. -
**Trees**: A component for displaying hierarchical data. -
**Loaders**: A component for indicating loading states. -
**Dividers**: A component for separating content. - **Progress
Circles**: A component for displaying progress in a circular format. -
**Ratings**: A component for displaying ratings or scores. - **Color
Pickers**: A component for selecting colors. - **File Uploads**: A
component for uploading files. - **Search Bars**: A component for
searching content. - **Steppers**: A component for displaying a series
of steps in a process. - **Wizards**: A component for guiding users
through a series of steps. - **Contextual Help**: A component for
providing help and guidance. - **Image Galleries**: A component for
displaying a collection of images. - **Maps**: A component for
displaying maps and geolocation data. - **Charts**: A component for
displaying data visualizations. - **Graphs**: A component for
displaying data in graphical format. - **Data Grids**: A component for
displaying tabular data with advanced features. - **Data
Visualization**: A component for displaying data in various formats. -
**Data Tables**: A component for displaying tabular data with sorting
and filtering. - **Accessibility**: A set of styles and components
designed to be accessible to all users, including those with
disabilities.
```
